[EN] [PT-BR] [BR] Update Storyboards (#4512)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Storyboards/en.md

# Storyboards

> ![This scene is shown while you play in Walkie Talkie Man (no SB)](img/Sbpassing.png "This scene is shown while you play in Walkie Talkie Man")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![This scene is shown while playing Walkie Talkie Man](img/Sbpassing.png "This scene is shown while playing Walkie Talkie Man")
```
